TODO.md, before:

**TODO**


- [ ] add log handler
- [ ] create entity guestbook
- [ ] make handler for parsing searchparams
- [ ] make handler for playing audio file


**DONE**

- [x] make api for flower catalog
- [x] inject write file function from outside
- [x] Make npm package
- [x] Move handlers to handler directory
- [x] Created app file
- [x] Changed directory structure of public directory
- [x] Move guest-book.html to application
- [x] refactor addCommentHandlers
- [x] Changed name of addCommentHandler function
- [x] format date
- [x] Changed directory structure
- [x] Changed server to inbuilt http server
- [x] Change comments div to list
- [x] refactore serve file content
- [x] remove template
- [x] apply flex on content
- [x] add jar gif in index.html
- [x] Add feature of downloading pdf
- [x] Change color of headings
- [x] add privious commit to request
- [x] Refactor addCommentHandler
- [x] show date in format
- [x] Connect guest-book with server
- [x] Create handler for adding comment
- [x] Move styles to style.css
- [x] Create Guest book html
- [x] Create html for flower pages 
- [x] connect homepage with server
- [x] Create html of homepage 
- [x] download images of flowers

Commit message:

showed flower and comment link for /api

TODO.md, after:

**TODO**


- [ ] add log handler
- [ ] create entity guestbook
- [ ] make handler for parsing searchparams
- [ ] make handler for playing audio file


**DONE**

- [x] show flowers and comment link for /api request
- [x] make api for flower catalog
- [x] inject write file function from outside
- [x] Make npm package
- [x] Move handlers to handler directory
- [x] Created app file
- [x] Changed directory structure of public directory
- [x] Move guest-book.html to application
- [x] refactor addCommentHandlers
- [x] Changed name of addCommentHandler function
- [x] format date
- [x] Changed directory structure
- [x] Changed server to inbuilt http server
- [x] Change comments div to list
- [x] refactore serve file content
- [x] remove template
- [x] apply flex on content
- [x] add jar gif in index.html
- [x] Add feature of downloading pdf
- [x] Change color of headings
- [x] add privious commit to request
- [x] Refactor addCommentHandler
- [x] show date in format
- [x] Connect guest-book with server
- [x] Create handler for adding comment
- [x] Move styles to style.css
- [x] Create Guest book html
- [x] Create html for flower pages 
- [x] connect homepage with server
- [x] Create html of homepage 
- [x] download images of flowers
